all over the wall everyone will be wrong
strains but sometimes trains can be also
dangerous like a one away train if you
see you on the way train coming go as
fast as you can back whistle for us to
avoid being hit we society on tow the
100 a train passes through the line and
then you will be very safe but not very
safe with this one though bonus
mainland's a young part train was
steaming through the beautiful
countryside honour wailing at the danger
ahead
the witch was out his trucks are lowly
were rocks from the quarry the trucks
were very heavy the black engine had to
take it easy the jaalin and firemen were
chatting inside the cab there was so
busy Shannon that he didn't see that the
puss was out ahead the entrance China
trying to apply the brakes for the to
light the wood oak black agent Christ
hit to the valley below one truck had
came off the wailers and it was smashed
into bits the jargon of farming were
very injured but War II hope was on the
way
from this day on both the driver and
finally one not to chew out the trains
going out Tony sees danger ahead
because singledom killed a few
years back a glitch in the Alfa I was
very angry instead he got the job were
pushing and pulling trunks all along the
yard this mate
alpha so cross that he biffed and bashed
the trucks so hard the trucks went into
the sea
alpha and his crew were punished after
the incident from the stay on nobody can
shunt trucks after this incident how
could at that Harbor